c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\bin\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\bin\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.pdb
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\obj\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\obj\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\obj\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\obj\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.pdb
C:\Users\Gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\obj\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\obj\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.ValuesPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll
C:\Users\Gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.xml
C:\Users\Gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\obj\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.TimerPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\obj\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\bin\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\obj\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\bin\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\obj\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\EntMob_Xamarin\bin\Debug\EntMob_Xamarin.dll.mdb
