c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.dll
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.pdb
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\obj\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\obj\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.DataView.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\obj\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.GraphView.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\obj\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.LoginView.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\obj\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.dll
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\obj\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.pdb
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\obj\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\obj\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\obj\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\stefanie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\jogging_App_xamarin\bin\Debug\jogging_App_xamarin.dll.mdb
